hello everyone its Alaina and I'm back
with a number blog it's about ten past
four in the morning and I don't really
feel that but I feel like I look a
little bit dead but oh well and I think
probably like the tiredness that's gonna
kick in in a few hours but now I'm just
gonna carry my two bags over to the
other end of college because I'm gonna
meet up with C Jen because we're taking
a cab together and then we're going to
Edinburgh
so yeah let's go
[Music]
yes we made it to Edinburgh and of
course we went to McDonald's because we
traveled across the country for that
also they have fees like special edition
Mex Larry's and I'm really excited to
see how they taste because they was like
there's like cream egg which season and
I both tried and it was it was iconic
but I almost died of a sugar shock I
have to say um so yeah I'm really really
exhausted and actually almost fell
asleep listen here max which was a new
low did you break with this amazing hot
chocolate this is actually like vanilla
white hot chocolate guys you got warm
cookie we need to check their like how
amazing is that
yeah they're really nice like a pacifist
service going see the room where this is
quite nice
hi yeah this is good it's good I'm happy
well I think it's fine it's like the
street
it's actually really spacious for a
hotel room yeah yeah
anyway we have a good room so we're
happy okay so we made it to the hotel
and see Jim's already eating a cookie oh
good okay and I think I'm just gonna
sleep because officially been awake
since 3:00 a.m. this morning and it is
16 o'clock now and I'm done so yeah I'll
see you guys later okay so it's a few
hours later and I just need to rest it a
little and yeah like have slept in a way
I'm so that's good and now we're gonna
go and we're gonna get some dinner I
think we're gonna get some Mexican food
right yeah a burrito for takeaway and
then we're going to watch Black Panther
because I've never seen it come on so
anyway and we can get food and then
we're gonna go back watch movie and then
probably sleep because tomorrow morning
we have a tour of the Scottish
Parliament which we managed to get into
it
because you have to sign up and it was
like was your like group name and like
the person you talked to for the group
and stuff so we were scared we can get
involved they gave us a spot so yeah
okay so we get two burritos and drinks
and then we also got a free bottle of
wine from our hotel
thanks to Expedia so a feat it did not
sponsor this video yeah we are not
sponsored and we wish we were but yeah
this is really nice um we're glad we got
this and we actually got the burritos
and a drink for a five pounds each
because it was a student deal because
teaching is amazing and finding deals
yeah exactly so this is a good deal so
now we're gonna eat these and watch
black panther and just chill and then
it's probably gonna be an early night
good morning guys um so yesterday we
just watched a movie and then we
basically fell asleep so that's that and
yeah today and we're gonna go to the
Parliament so much fun yes basically we
have to leave now and then we're gonna
do a tour we don't we know it's gonna be
on the tour because they said they're
like catering the tourists who wants to
groups and since we just said we're all
students interested in devolution this
might become like a revision exercise
for us which is well yeah hopefully we
actually know enough to ask questions um
but I mean how are you Sam another
coming up we kind of ask the
hard-hitting questions I'm sure they
wouldn't answer it I mean it's gonna be
interesting since everything is going on
with brexit right now it's really
topical so yeah let's see
[Music]
I took our beaches on this problem and
there she is always hold us in our hot
yeah and physically the same thing you
know our wife don't know but all the
oxygen for it was a scoundrel it's a
candle it's a candle no that's not okay
comment down below if it's a candle a
bottle or what it's actually first
referendum agenda you to a percent and
up to the person part of it was also
like all over there lamps on everything
but yes let me get it always otherwise
so a big swing the ball but it was and
now this looks so good oh my god love it
okay so we are at the palace which is
the Queen's official residence in
Scotland and we're gonna go and see it
[Music]
okay so right now we are we just
finished a audio tour of the palace of
holyroodhouse it is really pretty the
art in there is really amazing and
anything on this page that doesn't
receive any public funding so everything
you pay for all these things like your
entrance fees it just goes towards the
maintenance of all the palace all the
art collections and the jury so it's I
think I think we really nice in this
summer when the gardens are open and you
know this is definitely recommend and
it's absolute you were surprised like
once you like went through the entire
thing you realized it was worth the
money and the audio guide is so useful
it is really detailed yeah really good
so now we're gonna look for some cake
what time is it I don't know but but
it's cake time so let me get some cake
and they were gonna go for a whiskey
also guys we just realized on the way
out I'm you can get a ticket stamped and
then you can come back for free for an
entire year so that's really amazing
cause like we literally paid for the
entrance once and you can come back here
like literally every day for a year if
you want to
[Music]
hi we're back yeah we made it
um we tasted we did it first time in my
life you know maybe dish yeah I actually
tried a little bit as well I finished my
face is the reai feeling of getting rid
like it will get rid I didn't drink
enough beer I think they gave us like
really we need a little but like it's a
long way 25% alcohol content it's like
really high about content so you know
you're getting that high alcohol content
from a little bit but it's really
informative at all and there are super
super well-organized like they weren't
going through what a super smooth yeah
so yeah I give it five out of five I
think you you need to come here if
you're experienced caller because
whiskey is such an integral part of this
publish experience so you ever don't
drink you're gonna like give you out
your soft drink and get the nice bill
company definitely so yeah
five out of five stars from us and by
the way guys if you're interested in
anything that like you know we're
talking about I'm going to link all the
places in the infobox below if you guys
interesting and by the way you get
student discount here so defecate till I
say your student when you book this yeah
and yeah now we're gonna find some food
you guys we made it back to hotel room
and we went to a Chinese supermarket and
we have the essence of life in the room
by chop in case you don't know this
about me a basic eat drink is like water
and this is probably not healthy but I
love it so we happy is and he finally
I've cracked again and we've got some
cup noodles so basically the plan for
tonight is shower and then we're gonna
watch the episode with the bold type
because it's an amazing TV show and
we're gonna have a little cup little
party so yeah that's our name hi guys
good morning it's like she afternoon
right now because you woke up in ten
and it's all because we haven't woken up
Soviet for a very long time so you have
a breakfast at like 11:30 and this is
super quick a cycle of crumbs they have
the most amazing King and device and
then it's kind of rustic super super
cute highly highly recommend it it's
gonna be big Dumbo those silly yeah it's
five out of five check it out you have
to go and so right now in front of
Edinburgh Castle which we are not going
to because we're machala 17 pounds for
entry and we're at try to set it on food
yeah and there's no student discount so
now so we are at the market like a
farmers market which we're gonna get
more food because breakfast wasn't
enough but we got cake so we're getting
it like cheese sandwiches tomato soup
and a sausage roll okay so we're giving
this five out of five it's a cute place
I get five out of five it's quite small
but it's lovely
so yeah what recommend so I'm we made it
for our first market and it was really
really good we're giving that five out
of five the food was amazing and now we
had a second market because yeah today
is basically our food day yeah we're
gonna go to the ice cream cheese just
across the street yeah so not if he's
just 12 there's almost 100 most one okay
we haven't had like a single thing that
like actually looks like a full meal
yeah yeah we had cake for breakfast then
we have to be help in between now we go
my way anyway ice cream and then we just
probably visit waterstones
[Music]
we got she Melina for a bit she said she
would buy three on her stop playing uh
she's six
it's a 200% increase well actually I
feel like it's not my fault because it
was your job to stop me and then you
abandoned me and well she's just she
just straight went to all the murder
books and left me alone in like the
poetry and fiction section and that's
when things just happened
I love mother well yeah so we're gonna
find a nice cafe and read a bit of our
books that we should have bought so we
bought six books and now we're here and
we're just gonna read a little bit in
our books and drink some cheese so we've
been here for a good hour and we've just
been reading and by the way this book is
pretty nice it's like poetry but it's
not like too tough to read his poetry
it's pretty easy like very accessible
poetry and it's about fairy tales I
really really like it also I really love
the atmosphere in here
it's so nice it feels like a library
it's lovely like you can just come pick
up a book and start reading we went to
five go look at that
how is it is it good
justice better than McDonald can we
believe that really good
hey guys so we're back in our room and
we had a pretty good day I think we ate
a lot of food I mean we had cake for
breakfast and I gave up my highest food
rating ever which is better than
McDonald's I mean that was like the
highest you can get for me if you don't
know that I'm addicted to McDonald's you
probably have never watched a vlog of
mine because McDonald's is probably
featured in almost all of them so yeah
anyway I thought it also Sheriff you
guys what we got because um yeah I had a
little quick moment of Waterstones
uh-huh yeah I actually like meat myself
with the rule that I'm gonna get free
books um
shishun was supposed to enforce that and
like I I told her like you allowed to
threaten me of physical violence but
instead she just ran off to the crime
section and got lost in like the murder
books and making me sound like a freak I
mean you literally did run to the murder
books I guess every law student would
kind of understand if you're not a law
student you might think we're creepy um
so yeah but we thought we just quickly
sure I guess what we've got today
because today was also like a bit of a
shopping name and best thing is I got a
little unbootable
Union Jack and I don't know if you guys
can see this okay now we get to the
books because that's the more
interesting past
um so see Jen got two books which guess
which section they came out crime oh
okay you're branching out yeah it's
about it's I love the cover look at this
so cool I forgot about halfway through
and it's a pretty good book so and then
I got this called blood orange about
murder and a criminal defense lawyer who
is defending someone who is accused of
murder
if you get interested in anything we
link it for you know late night calling
me you know you know this is this is my
bedtime
okay so season spokes were slightly
creepy yeah but okay they're pretty cool
though I think I might borrow them so
yeah I think I have some light to read
so here we go um so the first book okay
I said I have light hair is bad this is
American Psycho
yeah we're eating stuff about a
psychopath but oh well the next book
that I got was the establishment and how
to get away fit which funny thing I saw
stranger reaches in a train and I
thought it sounded really interesting so
since then I wanted to read it so yeah
thank you for inspiring me to buy this
book I hope it's actually good and then
this book came just the first book I
picked out from all of them and it's
about a girl no not a girl a woman who
struggled quite a bit in life you know
she actually was blind and then she got
a surgery which almost true miracle gave
her partial sight and you know despite
all odds she actually like you know
ended up going to Harvard having two
kids getting married I was really good
and then she goes to the doctor one day
and finds out she's terminally ill and
she basically writes this about like the
end of her life and I don't know this
sounded so amazing and like that
somebody has the strength to actually
write about this so I decided to buy
this and you know give it a read what
else did you have
oh I actually started this one and this
is poetry which is very much connected
to fairy tales as the title fierce fairy
tales gives away and this is pretty
light poetry um but it's a really nice
read I think um so yeah if you guys like
you like a lighter poetry book depth you
can also read like before you know you
go too bad or anything like you don't
need to like heavily analyze the poetry
too much it's very accessible um yeah
would highly recommend for that and then
we have making evil the science behind
humanity's dark side which basically
like analyzes like for example why do
people become sadists or you know why do
people follow movements like the Nazi
movement and stuff like that and I
thought that was very intriguing they're
gonna give us a read and a theme and
then
defining one how democracies die yeah
well we're being really positive really
lighter than murder okay so yeah I'm not
trying to make a political statement
that I actually think democracies are
dying but I thought this was quite
interesting because I fear not a lot of
times like we don't even really talk
about like know whoever democracies are
like the thing of the future and I
really hope they are because I really
like them and I haven't yet discovered
like a better political model but who
knows maybe there is one um so yeah but
the offers basically arguing that you
know there are some signs that we can
see already like for example for him
Trump is an example of like how
democracies aren't really working and so
I'm interested in like seeing his
arguments and yeah let's see if the book
is actually good and so that was my book
shopping good morning guys it's the next
day and actually see Jen finished her
book which is a bit chocolatey you were
done like last night yeah every really
fasten is a really short book but was it
good yeah so yeah that was that um and
now we're gonna go it's our last full
day which is actually sad because I
didn't realize so yeah it was it went by
really quickly yeah because you've just
been chilling and everything it's good
for your mental health I get away from
Cambridge for a bit yeah like you need
to leave Cambridge after town like just
to get out like even if you just take a
train to London like just so you don't
like see the university over time but
now we're doing a little bit of a museum
date so we're gonna go and yeah explore
a little bit
you
so we're back in the room we actually
came back quite like a while ago but
they forgot our room
Wendy were doing the rooms so yeah
basically we just I went to the lobby
worked a little while of day cleaned
your room and see Jen was so kind to get
us take up so we're eating some Japanese
noodles today and I hope they're good
and we also actually need to empty our
fridge today because this is everything
that we need to drink guys tonight so
they gave us the wine the wine was on
the house okay we didn't pay for this
population
looting wine goes done it just has to go
now so we'll just take the wine they
gave us water and by the way the wine
was from experiencer thank you Expedia
not sponsored we wish some lip nicety
vitae
okay I'm gonna drink the visor I mean
that's not the problem I mean we all
know I'm addicted to this yeah and the
orange juice so this all needs to be
done for us tonight
now I'm gonna have my noodles so yeah
we're gonna eat dinner and then we're
just gonna have our baths because we
finally have a bath two-for-one and yeah
then we're just gonna chill today the
lazy day yeah it's a good name so me
when editing this realized that I never
actually explained to you guys why we
actually ended up buying bath bombs so
the reason was it was super super windy
and cold that day so we decided not to
keep walking around going to different
museums because we were literally just
freezing cold so instead we ended up at
lush and we just bought some bath bombs
and then each of us took a bath because
we can't do that while we're at
university so this was really kind of
something special for us and so we
basically just shelled in our baths for
a while hey guys um it's our last day
it's about 11:50 so we have about 10
minutes to leave our hotel room we woke
up at like 7:30 this morning you okay so
yeah you were a couple later I did my
makeup first um and since then the only
productive thing we did is get breakfast
mm-hmm and then we just later in a bed
didn't ever lazy um yeah we were being
like busy like the perfect University
students um no it's just because like we
really didn't know what to do ourselves
we were actually planning should I go
out and walk around a little but then
kind of laziness overtook us all so we
weren't awake until like 1:00 a.m.
yesterday so we took our bass by the way
oh my god taking a bath was so nice it
was so relaxing like wow I loved it I
haven't done this in so long and then we
watched an episode of the bold type
which is an amazing TV show I absolutely
love it yeah I introduced each into it
because she has never watched it before
and then we watched a Disney movie so
that happened and yeah now we're just
going to take our stuff goes to the
airport and leave Scotland yeah I also
get lunch and then we're leaving and I'm
back here in my room in Cambridge so I
made it home and I'm really sorry I
didn't really block a lot today I
basically filmed one clip this morning
and then I just didn't vlog anymore
because traveling is stressful
so I just really didn't have the time um
you know we just like had to make our
flight and you know make sure that we
have all our stuff so yeah unfortunately
I didn't vlog and honestly it wasn't
very interesting you would have just
seen us walking for the airport and then
getting at our trains so yeah but I did
manage to finish this book for your
Sperry tales by nikita jill and it's
really really good I think it's very
accessible poetry so if you're just
starting out with poetry does it's
really a great read and it really
doesn't require a lot of you know
knowledge about any particular themes
the only thing you do need to know a
little bit about fairy tales but if your
parents have read them to you as a kid
that is enough knowledge to you know
understand what she's talking about in
this book it's very feminist um in terms
of like what you know the topics are and
what the message is of the poems are but
I think it's a really interesting book
to read so yeah just finished
on a train looked really like a couple
of minutes ago and then I also
immediately started my new book because
it's the kind of person I am
um so um you know I thought I'd really
like change the type of book that I'm
reading so now I'm reading American
Psycho and judging from the introduction
at the first couple of pages this is a
drastic change in genre but you know
what I think it's gonna be a good read
though it probably will be quite
disturbing but you know what I'm
interested so that's what I'm going with
and so yeah that also concludes my blog
I really really got that I got two
troubles - Jenn and I really really
enjoyed it and I just wanted to use this
moment also to say thank you to her um
so yeah I really hope you enjoyed this
travel as much as I did and yeah just
thank you so much for traveling with me
I'm really glad to have you as a friend
here and yeah thank you so much for an
amazing time and thank you all for
following us around and yeah that's
pretty much it first lock thank you so
much for watching have a nice day bye